what
the amd zacate e-350 processor does not handle three of the shots thoroughly
we are in two exits a vga
a hdmi and the screen she from the human netbook that are shown here but
we can not exploit
the three screens in parallel against yurts very well operated
a screen on the locker room after a second screen on the mini hd and so
make the netbook a sedentary solution quite convincing
in opposition so his top of half-closed vehicles in a
corner with a keyboard a mouse deported
in europe are used
the machine so quite the very standard oguchi screen this
who makes a solution really
really interesting for who if I have fangs
dunne and access shopkeepers disabled the vga screen the fangs
buy a
we will be able to speak in first and in China
they watched on full screen big respect initiated in 1080p directly on
the machine very fluid and very convincing if we brochand more
his ebook on a pair of sedentary speakers a simple plan integrate
a solution or a home amp a solution that is the complete 5% here
I had to brake 80 countries that were worn frozen united
and it really works very very well
they are
in the brawl on the booklet perfectly perfectly viable
of course there will also be several examples where the idea
to use others
a much more classic solution with m
lüthi simon from my screen of netbooks and pittsburgh documents
deported the signal
the last step
on a bigger screen
and so it allows for example to play and send that its clear signal
the to the screen plus the biggest gift of being able to play on the TV
with 1
a panel is for example to be able to use the machine to replay on a
TV
in 1080p
this is what it can give
it's been five years
so the idea again is not played these last days of death with
its terraces cars and weight that has not hurt that passes
it is rather to walk with her husband
for this type of device a simple HDMI cable for its purposes and for example
in a hotel room can connect to the television room
to eliminate this moment on the bouquet to be able to play in bed
for now all three social issues of china that will become able to become
a true multimedia box full on vacation in big thing emissions
at sight it is 10 o'clock you have in your rental in your room
hotel
% and% also a small family friendly game console
it's really a machine that is yours really the sincere road
works rather very well
it also allows to use this machine turns for educational purposes
all that will be very much in love with this meeting inscribed big thing
for us too so at home with 3d capabilities we are for example
to make toy with taste the hole of their stock it works rather not
wrong
m after all depends on your connection
and it works pretty well
there I am on the Japanese coast
so it's a little time
fast and easy titan
and therefore a dead a tool that's the same for this guy
used there
the machine is really very very close
very fast very efficient